README.md, before:

# pelican-bootstrap3-nero

Pelican-bootstrap3 is a Bootstrap 3 theme for Pelican, originally developed by [DandyDev](https://github.com/DandyDev). It's fully responsive and contains sub-themes from the Bootswatch project. Pelican-bootstrap3 is compatible with Pelican 3.3.0 and higher.

Pelican-bootstrap3-nero is forked from pelican-bootstrap3 and customized. It is a dark theme.

## Demo site
[My blog: Kappa ICT Wingman](https://www.kappawingman.com)

## Screenshot

![](screenshot.png)

## Usage

* Most of the parameters used by pelican-bootstrap3 are still usable.
This theme changed a lot from the original theme.
Some of the parameters may not work.

* Known problems
	* DISABLE_SIDEBAR_TITLE_ICONS may not be working because of code changes

* Options that must be set in pelicanconf.py:
	* BOOTSTRAP_THEME = 'slate'
	* PLUGINS = \['i18n_subsites'\] (required since pelican-bootstrap3)
	* JINJA_ENVIRONMENT = {'extensions': ['jinja2.ext.i18n']}

* We have new settings specific to this theme, also check CHANGELOG.rst

* Setup Cookie Consent 2
	* COOKIE_CONSENT2 = True
	* Set your URL to privacy policy with COOKIE_CONSENT2_PRIVACY_URL
* Setup your account id from IntenseDebate
	* INTENSEDEBATE_ACCOUNT = 'Your account id from IntenseDebate'
* Enable Google Analytics only if Cookie Consent 2 was consented and accepted
	* GOOGLE_ANALYTICS_UNIVERSAL_CHECK_CONSENT = True
	* Also need to configure parameters according to your setting
	* GOOGLE_ANALYTICS_UNIVERSAL = 'UA-XXXXXX-Y'
	* GOOGLE_ANALYTICS_UNIVERSAL_PROPERTY = 'auto'
* Options for sidebar bottom
	* OPTIONAL_SIDEBAR_BOTTOM = True
	* OPTIONAL_SIDEBAR_BOTTOM_TITLE = 'Disclaimer'
	* OPTIONAL_SIDEBAR_BOTTOM_ID= 'disclaimer'
	* OPTIONAL_SIDEBAR_BOTTOM_TEXT = 'Replace by your text for disclaimer'
* Display at bottom of articles. If you have ad-block software it may not be displayed
	Enable it in pelicanconf.py, TWITTER_CUSTOM = True
* JSON-LD
	* JSON_LD = True
	* Based on existing work from [Flex](https://github.com/alexandrevicenzi/Flex). Thanks to Alexandre
	* Based on existing work from [Emoji-gen](https://github.com/emoji-gen/blog/blob/master/theme/templates/includes/article_structured-data.html). Thanks to Emoj-Gen and Pine.
	* For base / includes/json_ld.html;
	* If enabled, there would be JSON-LD blocks for
	* Type Blog for all html
	* Type Articles for all articles
* JSON-LD, article image and publisher logo are required by Google schema checking
	* SITE_LOGO = 'images/your-image.jpg'
	* PUBLISHER_LOGO = 'images/your-image.jpg'
* JSON_LD_BREADCRUMBLIST = True
	* If both JSON_LD is also enabled:
	* Add type BreadcrumbList for all html
	* Note: there is an option DISPLAY_BREADCRUMBS and have visible breadcrumbs and actually added some schema for breadcrumbs. Google search engine would take the value from that. I do not know clearly what is performed by search engine if both Breadcrumb support is enabled in both JSON-LD BREADCRUME and DISPLAY_BREADCRUMS are enabled.
* Copy button on the top right corner of all "div.highlight pre" elements
	* SPHINX_COPYBUTTON = True
	* Adopted from [sphinx copybutton](https://github.com/executablebooks/sphinx-copybutton)
	* Credits for the copy button goes to [Chris Holdgraf](https://github.com/choldgraf)
* Added option OTHER_PAGE_METATAG_DESCRIPTION
	* It is for html file that are not page or article
	* That would a meta tag description to the head section

Commit message:

Mentioned about the new theme

README.md, after:

# pelican-bootstrap3-nero

Pelican-bootstrap3 is a Bootstrap 3 theme for Pelican, originally developed by [DandyDev](https://github.com/DandyDev). It's fully responsive and contains sub-themes from the Bootswatch project. Pelican-bootstrap3 is compatible with Pelican 3.3.0 and higher.

Pelican-bootstrap3-nero is forked from pelican-bootstrap3 and customized. It is a dark theme.

## Demo site
Currently I don't have a demo site for this theme. It is becaused I moved to a new theme using Bootstrap 4: [pelican-bootstrap4-nero](https://github.com/kappa-wingman/pelican-bootstrap4-nero)

## Screenshot

![](screenshot.png)

## Usage

* Most of the parameters used by pelican-bootstrap3 are still usable.
This theme changed a lot from the original theme.
Some of the parameters may not work.

* Known problems
	* DISABLE_SIDEBAR_TITLE_ICONS may not be working because of code changes

* Options that must be set in pelicanconf.py:
	* BOOTSTRAP_THEME = 'slate'
	* PLUGINS = \['i18n_subsites'\] (required since pelican-bootstrap3)
	* JINJA_ENVIRONMENT = {'extensions': ['jinja2.ext.i18n']}

* We have new settings specific to this theme, also check CHANGELOG.rst

* Setup Cookie Consent 2
	* COOKIE_CONSENT2 = True
	* Set your URL to privacy policy with COOKIE_CONSENT2_PRIVACY_URL
* Setup your account id from IntenseDebate
	* INTENSEDEBATE_ACCOUNT = 'Your account id from IntenseDebate'
* Enable Google Analytics only if Cookie Consent 2 was consented and accepted
	* GOOGLE_ANALYTICS_UNIVERSAL_CHECK_CONSENT = True
	* Also need to configure parameters according to your setting
	* GOOGLE_ANALYTICS_UNIVERSAL = 'UA-XXXXXX-Y'
	* GOOGLE_ANALYTICS_UNIVERSAL_PROPERTY = 'auto'
* Options for sidebar bottom
	* OPTIONAL_SIDEBAR_BOTTOM = True
	* OPTIONAL_SIDEBAR_BOTTOM_TITLE = 'Disclaimer'
	* OPTIONAL_SIDEBAR_BOTTOM_ID= 'disclaimer'
	* OPTIONAL_SIDEBAR_BOTTOM_TEXT = 'Replace by your text for disclaimer'
* Display at bottom of articles. If you have ad-block software it may not be displayed
	Enable it in pelicanconf.py, TWITTER_CUSTOM = True
* JSON-LD
	* JSON_LD = True
	* Based on existing work from [Flex](https://github.com/alexandrevicenzi/Flex). Thanks to Alexandre
	* Based on existing work from [Emoji-gen](https://github.com/emoji-gen/blog/blob/master/theme/templates/includes/article_structured-data.html). Thanks to Emoj-Gen and Pine.
	* For base / includes/json_ld.html;
	* If enabled, there would be JSON-LD blocks for
	* Type Blog for all html
	* Type Articles for all articles
* JSON-LD, article image and publisher logo are required by Google schema checking
	* SITE_LOGO = 'images/your-image.jpg'
	* PUBLISHER_LOGO = 'images/your-image.jpg'
* JSON_LD_BREADCRUMBLIST = True
	* If both JSON_LD is also enabled:
	* Add type BreadcrumbList for all html
	* Note: there is an option DISPLAY_BREADCRUMBS and have visible breadcrumbs and actually added some schema for breadcrumbs. Google search engine would take the value from that. I do not know clearly what is performed by search engine if both Breadcrumb support is enabled in both JSON-LD BREADCRUME and DISPLAY_BREADCRUMS are enabled.
* Copy button on the top right corner of all "div.highlight pre" elements
	* SPHINX_COPYBUTTON = True
	* Adopted from [sphinx copybutton](https://github.com/executablebooks/sphinx-copybutton)
	* Credits for the copy button goes to [Chris Holdgraf](https://github.com/choldgraf)
* Added option OTHER_PAGE_METATAG_DESCRIPTION
	* It is for html file that are not page or article
	* That would a meta tag description to the head section
